{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green22\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green18\blue18;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red1\green0\blue1;\red25\green22\blue23;\red41\green41\blue41;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red30\green141\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11373\c11373\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c9020\c9020\c9020;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c392\c0\c392;\cssrgb\c12941\c11373\c11765;\cssrgb\c21176\c21176\c21176;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85098;
\cssrgb\c12549\c63529\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27000\viewh15360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Apple Watch Series 7 : 
\f1\b\fs64 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Blue Aluminum Case with Sport\'a0Loop. 
\f0\b0\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 The aluminum case is lightweight and made from 100\'a0percent recycled aerospace-grade alloy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Sport Loop is made from a soft and breathable double-layer nylon weave, with a hook-and-loop fastener for quick and easy adjustment. Link: https://www.apple.com/shop/buy-watch/apple-watch?option.watch_cases=MKNR3LL/A&option.watch_bands=ML313AM/A&preSelect=false&product=Z0YQ&step=detail#\
\
\
2) 
\f1\b\fs64 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 (PRODUCT)RED Aluminum Case with Braided Solo Loop\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs34 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 From $449 or $18.70/mo.\
per month\
for 24 mo.\
months\
Footnote\
*\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 The aluminum case is lightweight and made from 100\'a0percent recycled aerospace-grade alloy.\
The Braided Solo Loop is made from recycled yarn and silicone threads for an ultracomfortable, stretchable design with no clasps or buckles.\
\
3) 
\f1\b\fs64 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 Space Black Titanium Case with Solo Loop\

\f0\b0\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 The titanium case is exceptionally strong and lightweight, with a special surface coating that resists stains and fingerprints and preserves the natural brushed finish.\
The Solo Loop is made from soft, stretchable silicone and designed for ultracomfort with no clasps or buckles.\
\
4) 
\f1\b\fs44 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf3 Want to hear what\'92s happening around you? Just press and hold the force sensor on the stem to move between Active Noise Cancellation and Transparency\'a0mode \'97 which lets outside sound in, and allows things to sound and feel natural when you\'92re talking to people\'a0nearby.\
And when you\'92re talking face to face with someone in a noisy environment, Conversation Boost helps you hear more clearly by focusing on the sound of the person directly in front of you\
\
\
5) Huw 1 - 
\f2\b0\fs18\fsmilli9167 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 With its classic circular style, precision-polished titanium case, HUAWEI WATCH 3 Pro gives you a professional look for every second of the day. And thanks to the large, ultra-vivid 1.43" AMOLED display, you can appreciate each moment as it unfolds.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \
5) hua 2  Watch GT Runner- \
\
3) hua3 \
\
4) hua4 Band 4\
5) hua5 Band 6 -
\fs33 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf3 \cb6 HUAWEI Band 6 has a 1.47-inch AMOLED FullView display, with a 148% larger
\fs21\fsmilli10560 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 3
\fs33 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \'a0viewable area, and a low-bezel 64% screen-to-body ratio. Combine that with the high-resolution 194 x 368 display with 282 PPI and you\'92ve got something really impressive to look at on your wrist.\
\
6) hua6 watch kids 4 pro - 
\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf7 \cb1 Have lovely times video-calling with your kids thanks to the 5 MP high-definition camera on HUAWEI WATCH KIDS 4 Pro. See exactly where they are and what they're doing in total detail. Enjoy knowing they can video chat with you anytime they need to via the\'a0easy-to-use\'a0call functionality. Plus, HUAWEI MeeTime{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://consumer.huawei.com/en/wearables/k4-pro/#footnote4"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs18 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \super 4}}\'a0is also supported on HUAWEI WATCH KIDS 4 Pro.\
7) hua7 FreeBuds Lipstick\
8) hua8 FreeBuds Pro - 
\fs33 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 Recognizing the ambient sounds intelligently, HUAWEI FreeBuds Pro switches the noise cancellation mode accordingly for a more suitable hearing experience.\
9) hua9 FreeLace Pro - \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
1) Sam1 -  Galaxy Tab A7 Lite - 
\f0\fs36 \cf8 Meet the Galaxy Tab A7 Lite, the tablet that\'92s made to be shared. With a compact 8.7\'94 screen, sturdy metal frame, powerful performance and plenty of storage, your whole family will love it. It comes with two months of ad-free YouTube Premium\'b9 on us, so you can keep everyone happy without interruptions.\
https://www.samsung.com/us/tablets/tab-a7/tab-a7-lite/\
\
2) Sam2 - 
\f1\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf9 \cb3 Galaxy Buds2, Graphite
\f0\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf8 \cb1  - 
\fs28 \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With audio quality this good, you\'92ll feel the thump of every baseline and strum of every guitar right in your core.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 With Active Noise Cancellation and Ambient Sound, enjoy peace and quiet while you work from home or take calls without missing what\'92s happening around you.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
3)Sam3 - 
\f1\b\fs40 \cf8 Samsung Type-C Headphones, Black -  
\f0\b0 \cf0 Enjoy undistorted. studio-quality audio. The Samsung Type-C Headphones are constructed to truly separate left and right signals up to 10 times better than 3.5mm headphones. And the built-in DAC enhances the quality of what you listen to, so your playlist comes to life as the artist intended.\
\
4)sam4 - 
\f1\b \cf10 \cb3 S Pen Fold Edition, Black - 
\fs28 \cf8 \cb1 Work smarter with the S Pen Fold Edition and turn your scribbles into strokes of genius.\
\
5) sem 5 - 
\fs40 \cf10 \cb3 Galaxy Watch4, Galaxy Watch4 Classic Hybrid Fabric Band, M, Tide Green\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 $39.99\cb1 \
\cb3 Current Price: \
\
6) sam6 - \cf8 \cb1 Samsung Galaxy SmartTag, 1-Pack, Black \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf8 Galaxy SmartTag makes your on-the-go life more worry-free than ever. Keep track of something precious while it's on the move, or find your car keys that fell behind the couch. With the Galaxy Find Network,\'b9 easily find what you lost within 130 yards, even when offline. You can even control various smart products at home with just a tap and the SmartThings app.\'b2\
Galaxy SmartTag is only compatible with Samsung Galaxy phones\uc0\u8308 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf8 \
}